docs(ai-copilot): add note on using Docker internal URL for Ollama connection (#3253)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/ai-tools/ai-copilot.md

      base-url: http://localhost:11434
```

:::alert{type="info"}

> Depending on your configuration, if Ollama is running locally on the host machine and Kestra is running inside a container, and if you are encountering an error while connecting, you should use the Docker internal URL instead of localhost to access Ollama from the Kestra instance. For example, use `http://host.docker.internal:11434` as the base URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Ollama is running locally on your host machine while Kestra is running inside a container, connection errors may occur when using `localhost`. In this case, use the Docker internal network URL instead — for example, set the base URL to `http://host.docker.internal:11434`.
```
